README.md, before:

# AI Tutor Submodule

This submodule provides automated feedback for Python programming assignments by leveraging the Gemini AI model.

## Features

* **Automated feedback on failed test cases:** The AI Tutor analyzes pytest report files generated by the main project and provides explanations for the errors in beginner-friendly terms.
* **Consolidated feedback:** Multiple failed test cases are processed together to present the student with a comprehensive overview of the issues.
* **Context-aware:** The AI Tutor considers the assignment instructions and the student's code when generating feedback.
* **Rate limiting and retry logic:** The module handles rate limiting imposed by the Gemini API and retries failed requests to ensure robustness.

## Requirements

* **Google API Key:** You need to set the `GOOGLE_API_KEY` environment variable with your valid Google API key.
* **pytest:** The project relies on pytest for test execution and report generation.
* **requests:** The `requests` library is used for making API calls to Gemini.

## How to use

1. **Include as submodule:** Add this repository as a submodule to your Github Classroom template repository.
   ``` bash
   git submodule add https://url-to-this-repository [ai_tutor]
   ```
1. **Set API key:** Ensure the `GOOGLE_API_KEY` environment variable is set in your main project's environment.
1. **Run pytest:** Execute your pytest test suite as you normally would.
1. **Check output:** The AI Tutor's feedback will be printed to the console after the test execution.

## Important Notes

* **Exercise file naming:** The AI Tutor assumes a single Python file starting with 'ex' in the project folder as the student's submission.
* **Report file naming:** The environment variables ending with '_REPORT' should contain paths to the generated JSON pytest report files.
* **Gemini API limitations:** Be mindful of the Gemini API usage limits and potential costs.

## Disclaimer

The AI Tutor is an experimental tool. While it strives to provide accurate and helpful feedback, it is not a substitute for human instruction or code review. Always encourage students to think critically and seek clarification from instructors or peers when needed.

Commit message:

add with submodules true for checkout

README.md, after:

# AI Tutor Submodule

This submodule provides automated feedback for Python programming assignments by leveraging the Gemini AI model.

## Features

* **Automated feedback on failed test cases:** The AI Tutor analyzes pytest report files generated by the main project and provides explanations for the errors in beginner-friendly terms.
* **Consolidated feedback:** Multiple failed test cases are processed together to present the student with a comprehensive overview of the issues.
* **Context-aware:** The AI Tutor considers the assignment instructions and the student's code when generating feedback.
* **Rate limiting and retry logic:** The module handles rate limiting imposed by the Gemini API and retries failed requests to ensure robustness.

## Requirements

* **Google API Key:** You need to set the `GOOGLE_API_KEY` environment variable with your valid Google API key.
* **pytest:** The project relies on pytest for test execution and report generation.
* **requests:** The `requests` library is used for making API calls to Gemini.

## How to use

1. **Include as submodule:** Add this repository as a submodule to your Github Classroom template repository.
   ``` bash
   git submodule add https://url-to-this-repository [ai_tutor]
   ```
1. For the `.github` YAML file of the template repository, please checkout with submodules.
   ``` yaml
    - name: Checkout code
      uses: actions/checkout@v4
      with:
        submodules: 'true'
   ```
1. **Set API key:** Ensure the `GOOGLE_API_KEY` environment variable is set in your main project's environment.
1. **Run pytest:** Execute your pytest test suite as you normally would.
1. **Check output:** The AI Tutor's feedback will be printed to the console after the test execution.

## Important Notes

* **Exercise file naming:** The AI Tutor assumes a single Python file starting with 'ex' in the project folder as the student's submission.
* **Report file naming:** The environment variables ending with '_REPORT' should contain paths to the generated JSON pytest report files.
* **Gemini API limitations:** Be mindful of the Gemini API usage limits and potential costs.

## Disclaimer

The AI Tutor is an experimental tool. While it strives to provide accurate and helpful feedback, it is not a substitute for human instruction or code review. Always encourage students to think critically and seek clarification from instructors or peers when needed.
